Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: PyRapidML
Version: 1.0.13
Summary: An open source and low code machine learning library for quick and robust analysis
Home-page: https://github.com/Zainali5/PyRapidML
Author: Zain Ali
Author-email: zainbalouch3@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Description: ## PyRapidML
        # Introduction
        Are you tired of writing hefty lines of code for your data science problem?
        Are you having difficulty figuring out what algorithm performs the best?
        Is it hard for you to compare multiple algorithms and see which one has the best accuracy?
        Do you face issues in Hyperparameter tuning?
        Do you want easy model deployments?
        Do you a dream of auto-ml?
        Are you facing problems in Exploratory data analysis?
        Do you want a library that can automatically perform all steps of data science lifecycle?
        Do you want a library that can do Exploratory data analysis, Feature Engineering, Feature Selection, Compare multiple Machine Learning Algos, Hyperparamter tuning, model deployments?
        
        If the answer is Yes to the above questions then PyRapidML is the library for you. 
        
        PyRapidML is an open source Python machine learning library.
        PyRapidML is essentially a Python wrapper around several machine learning libraries and frameworks such as Pycaret, scikit-learn, XGBoost, LightGBM, CatBoost, spaCy, Optuna, Hyperopt, Ray, and many more.
        
        PyRapidML is an open source Python library which not only helps in automating Machine Learning Workflows but also helps in building end to end ML algorithms .
        
        PyRapidML is a low code library which means writing basic and less lines of code, one can achieve high accuracy in their machine learning models.
        There's no need to write hefty lines of code as PyRapidML would compare all possible machine learning algorithms to solve your problem in just a single line of code.
        Once PyRapidML gives you the best algorithm. You can further tune the model (in just a single line of code) to further tune the model.
        
        Initial idea of PyRapidML was inspired by PyCaret library in Python.
        
        # What PyRapidML has to offer currently? What data science problems PyRapidML can cater?
        Regression
        Classification
        Natural Language Processing
        
        # Who is this library for?
        This library is for:
        Data Scientists
        Citizen Data Scientists
        Data Science Students
        Data Analysts
        Data Professionals who want to build end to end data science solutions
        
        # How to install this library?
        pip install PyRapidML
        
        # Important Links
        - Docs: https://pyrapidml.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ 
        - Github Link: https://github.com/Zainali5/PyRapidML 
        
        # Current Release
        PyRapidML 1.0.13 is now available. The easiest way to install PyRapidML is using pip.
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
